LEARNING PORTFOLIO

The purpose of this Git repository is to have a collection of the interesting 
projects that I've worked on all in one place. If I want to go back to see how 
something works in the future, I have all the code and explaining README's to 
come back to and see as a reference.

My favorite assignment was Assignment 2, the MBTA map/schedule. I thought it 
was a really cool project because it first off, used something that we use 
almost on a regular basis as the groundwork (Google Maps), and then we learned 
how to add on to that in an interesting and very relevant way. I learned to do 
many different things in that assignment, and also ended up with a project 
that was relevant to something I use (the MBTA) regularly. It was very cool to 
make something useful.

I've grown a lot as both a computer scientist and as a student in the past 
semester. While taking this course, I believe that I've learned quite a bit 
more about taking resposibility for my learning - I can always learn the 
basics in class, but to truly understand what is going on, I must research the 
topics at home as well. Another thing I've learned to do is to to learn by 
looking at and tinkering with example code. I believe that I've grown most 
during this course in learning how to learn.

I think that the most important thing I've learned is how vital and 
underappreciated web security is. This can be illustrated by the recent attack 
on Github, which directly impacted our class and probably many others. The 
fact that it is underappreciated can be seen by the ranking that many computer 
scientists performed - security was one of the lowest. Although this has been 
an issue for decades, people still don't understand the severity of the 
situation, and it was very eye opening to learn that.

Going off the same thread as my previous question, I would like to learn a lot 
more about the topic of security. For this reason, I am taking Ming's 
Cybersecurity class next semester. I'm very excited to learn more about 
something that is so vital to computer science. 
